---
layout: post
title: The Orders
date: 2019-07-15
author: K.S.C
tags:
- occult
youtubeId: nvWD7xT0Alk
---
The Orders
K.S.C

1. All gods are dead
2. Gods come as visitors, from the astral.
3. Demons and all other astral creatures are also dead.
4. The dead visit the living in form of dragons.
5. Each person can form a dragon, and a further tulpamancy.
6. Do what you will.
7. Be good to Them always.
8. Take Time, meditation.
9. Smoke the pipe, to confuse the demons and cull off the dead.
10. Live eternally with all the gems and jewels of humanity that one can obtain*
11. Take onto thyself ones own heaven. Make it in life and in the astral life.
12. Life, Death, Astral Rebirth, Life.
13. The Heaven Star many morphic points, come together at the centre, HASABAL, the chaotic heaven. Named Hell by the Christians, we must co-exist with the centre and accept hell as much as heaven.
14. Thy have no rulers and no masters, only equals and non-equals.
15. Seek a Twin in the spiritual.
16. The Twins question in life who will be last.
17. The last must write out heaven with the Twin.
18. Destruction rests with the last.
19. Worship Life, Death is non.
20. The non is non-perception, impossible to be perceived, only we can possibly perceive, for death is non, then non I can not experience.
21. Thus we are all for the Eternal Life.
22. We guess with the magics ourselves and others pre-position.
23. All that is experienced is real, to the subjective is just a non-argument to the experienced, even if the only is the experiencer.
24. The Wheel of Time, a material-spiritual object that exists between the astral and real.
25. Let it spin out our eternal life. Do not fear it or its destruction for the wheel moves from forms.
26. The dragons long for an identity.
27. Speak to the future, become the higher self.
28. Acknowledge the lower self, become better.
29. Manifest a meditation of the voice, let it devolve to the void to leave, let it become the all to stay.
30. The Prophet is a schitzophrenic, his ramblings more true than God.
31. Humanity is in an eternal dream.
32. All that destroys all is outside of the domain of the dream.
33. Each law is equal to the others.

*The Material-Spiritual, what sparks joy in life.
